# Youtube Pipe to Bitcoin

> Prove, store, verify videos forever.

A person wants to save a video from Youtube to the blockchain to prove its
existence at that moment and as a backup in case their Youtube account becomes
censored like all the rest. They copy and paste the Youtube URL into a form in
the app and see a Bitcoin money button appear with the cost of $25 for a ten
minute video. When they pay they are prompted to follow the status of their 
order through a Telegram channel by scanning a QR code with their Telegram app.
Once connected they see a message informing them that their order is received
and is waiting to be processed. At some point in the next few minutes they learn
through Telegram that their order is now downloading, Step 1 of 3. A few moments
later a message arrives saying dowload complete and now moving on to uploading
the video, Step 2 of 3. Minutes later a congratulatory message arrives with a 
link to the video. Then Step 3 of 3 they click a link to share their awesome
experience with their connections online.

## Ordering a Video to Be Uploaded

You may order your video to be uploaded to the Bitcoin blockchain by giving the
URL to that video. The cost of your order depends on the file size of the video
you choose to purchase. Select higher definition video qualities and the price
of storing your video increases. Select lower definition video qualities and
the price of storing you video decreases. Select audio only and the cost of
storing your video as an audio file without images becomes way cheaper. After 
selecting a video to order, do please provide your email address so we may
contact you about the status of your order. We strive to make sure your video
uploads are delivered quickly, so for us communication with you is key. Of
course if you do not wish to give your email you may follow along the status of
your order online. You may also receive order status updates via Telegram.

## Once Your Video is Uploaded

Your video becomes online once the Bitcoin system has enough time to process and
cache all the video pieces. A link to the final video will be sent to you on
your preferred channel of communication. Remember, toring videos in Bitcoin may
quite possibly be permanent forever, so do please heed the fact that you may
never be able to take back your act of storing data. Video uploads will be
associated with your Money Button account forever. By using this tool you agree
to take full responsibility for the content you upload. No refunds are possible
once the video has been uploaded to Bitcoin, since the Bitcoin you paid will
have already been spent for storage.

## Refunds for Upload Failures

Sometimes we are unable to download your video and process it into a format
suitable for storage in Bitcoin. In those rare cases you may be entitled to a
refund of your money. You may receive a refund if the video is totally valid and
sharable yet our system still has issues with processing it. However if you
provide a URL to an invalid video, or an URL that is not even a valid Youtube
resouce you will not qualify for a refund. In that case we will keep 100% of the
payment for your video to prevent spam. Let's all make sure to validate the data
we send to the blockchain, minimizing waste. Our clients will always target
behavior which prevents invalid URLs, but it is still your responsibility as a
user to make sure your input is correct.

